tell me what you saw please i couldn't
see him i could feel him
his hands around my neck
i grew up on amblin movies and they made
movies that were very scary
and they weren't afraid to scare
children i feel like jacob our writer
director is kind of continuing
in that tradition having the opportunity
to work with henson was just this
perfect marriage they can
create emotion and really bring a
character to life
and so it was a challenge for everybody
to come together
and make it way scarier than they've
ever made anything before
oliver has trouble communicating with
his parents and as a result spends a lot
of time on his phone
one day this storybook shows up on his
phone
about this creature named larry
i am larry when i was working at jameson
creature shop we had to design this
character of larry we were given a bunch
of references
and artwork the benefit of having a
puppet on set
it's great and you can tell from the
actors so they have a character to act
with rather than an idea of a character
it really helps so much to have their
performance
in the scene with us came up to set and
i just saw this giant
massive creature and it was extremely
creepy made me feel like a kid again
stay away from my son he just wants a
friend
[Music]
you